›Home ›Privacy City of Amsterdam
Information security for the City of
Amsterdam
Reporting a vulnerability
Reporting system for ethical hacking
Dutch site Search Menu  
Do you think you have found a vulnerability in one of our
digital services? We would like to resolve the issue as fast
as possible.
If you are a specialist and you have found a vulnerability in
our information systems, please help us by reporting it as
soon as possible. Together we can improve the security
and reliability of our systems.
Please read the terms and conditions before making the
report and respect the rules below on reporting a
vulnerability.
You can submit your report via the Zerocopter
Coordinated Vulnerability Disclosure (CVD) form. Our
specialists will read your report and get to work right
away. You will receive updates on the process and
progress.
The City of Amsterdam aims to be a reliable government
organisation and encourages the public to report
suspected vulnerabilities in its information services.
Despite all the measures the City takes, there may still be
weaknesses in the IT systems that someone could abuse.
If you have the right skills to discover vulnerabilities in our
systems, you can help us by reporting them. This helps us
to improve the security and reliability of our systems. Our
security experts will investigate your findings. You will

Our terms and conditions
Report the vulnerability as soon as possible to
prevent others from also finding it and taking
advantage of it with malicious intention.
Make your report to our organisation confiden-
tially to prevent others from accessing the
information.
Provide enough information to reproduce the
issue so that we can remedy the problem as
quickly as possible. Usually the IP address or
URL of the affected system and a description of
the vulnerability will be sufficient, but for more
complex vulnerabilities we may require more
information.
Do not misuse a vulnerability beyond the point
necessary to establish the vulnerability.
Do not use brute force attacks (repeated
password attempts), social engineering, attacks
on physical security, (distributed) denial of
service, spam or third party applications to gain
access to systems.
Do not share your findings with others until the
issue has been resolved. After the leak has been
fixed, we also request that you immediately
delete all confidential data that you have
obtained.
If you suspect that a vulnerability gives you
access to personal data, we ask you not to
verify this yourself, but to allow us do so.
Do not abuse the vulnerability you have
detected, for example by downloading more
data than is necessary to demonstrate the
receive an email with an initial response within five
working days.
Please note: To prevent abuse, please do not make the
issue public until we have resolved it. Instead, talk to our
experts and give them time to remedy the problem.
Please adhere to the following terms and conditions:

vulnerability or by viewing, deleting or
modifying data belonging to third parties.
Under no circumstances should your investiga-
tion lead to the disclosure of personal data or
confidential information.
Do not install a backdoor in a system, even to
demonstrate the vulnerability. This may cause
additional damage, and it creates unnecessary
security risks. Installing a backdoor in a system
makes it even more insecure.
Do not change or delete any data in the system.
If it is necessary for the investigation to copy
data from the system, never copy more than
necessary. An alternative is to make a directory
listing of a system.
Do not make any system changes.
Do not make repeated attempts to access the
system and do not share access with others.
You may make your report anonymously, but
we would prefer to get in touch with you to
exchange information and to thank you for your
report.
If you act in good faith and according to the
above rules of the City of Amsterdam, we will
not take any legal action, unless required to do
so by law.
What you can report
Remote Code Execution
Cross Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities
Cross Site Request Forgery (CSRF)
vulnerabilities
SQL injection vulnerabilities
Vulnerabilities related to encryption
Unauthorised access to data
What you can’t report (out of scope)
Examples of vulnerabilities that can be reported:
The City of Amsterdam does not accept reports of trivial

Examples of notifications that are out of scope:
1. HTTP 404 codes/pages or other HTTP non-200
codes/pages and content spoofing/text injections in
these pages
2. Fingerprinting/version disclosures on public services
3. Public files or directories that do not contain
confidential information
4. Clickjacking, vulnerabilities that can only be
exploited through clickjacking
5. No secure/HTTP-only flags on non-confidential
cookies
6. OPTIONS HTTP method enabled
7. Rate-limiting with no apparent impact
8. All issues related to HTTP security headers, for
example:
a. X-Frame Options
b. X-XSS Protection
c. X-Content-Type-Options
d. Content-Security-Policy
e. Strict-Transport-Security
9. SSL security configuration issues, for example:
a. SSL Forward secrecy disabled
10. No TXT record for DMARC or a missing CAA record
11. Host header injection
vulnerabilities or security issues that cannot be misused.
Below are examples of known vulnerabilities and security
issues that fall outside the scope of the scheme.
Of course, this does not mean that these issues do not
need to be resolved. However, our CVD process is
intended for reports of matters that can be directly
abused, such as a vulnerability for which a working exploit
exists or a misconfiguration that makes it possible to
circumvent an existing security measure.
We will review all reports and may set them aside as ‘out of
scope’ if they do not relate to a significant risk.

12. Reports of outdated versions of software without
proof of a working exploit
13. Absence of security best practices or hardening
measures. While these are important, they are
beyond the scope of a CVD process. For example:
a. php/wp-json from a WordPress website
b. Absence of rate limiting measures
14. Vulnerabilities that only affect users of outdated or
unpatched browsers and platforms
15. Issues that result in Denial of Service (DoS) of the
organisation’s servers at the network or application
layer.
16. Issues requiring unlikely user activity
17. Cross-site request forgery with minimal security
impact
18. Issues related to software or protocols that are not
specific to our organisation, for example known
issues with ARP or HL7.
19. If your report relates to a vulnerability that has
already been reported by someone else, we will act
only on the earlier report.
Rewards
In certain cases, it is possible for us to offer a reward if you
would appreciate it. This may consist of a public mention

A reward will only be awarded to the first
reporter of the vulnerability.
Multiple reports for the same type of
vulnerability with minimal differences will be
treated as a single report (only one report will
be rewarded).
If you wish, you may be listed in the
Coordinated Vulnerability Disclosure Hall of
Fame on the website of the Information Security
Service for municipalities
(Informatiebeveiligingsdienst, IBD). See the
Information Security Service website (in Dutch)
for more information.
Your privacy
Publication
of your contribution or a token of appreciation.
We will use your personal data only to take action
regarding your report. We will not share your personal
data with others without your permission, unless legally
required to do so. See the privacy statement of the online
reporting system for ethical hackers.
In consultation with you, we will decide whether, when
and how your report will be made public.

[END OF FILE]