 
 
Responsible Disclosure   
 
• At Leiden University, we consider the security of our systems of the utmost importance. 
Despite the considerable attention we devote to securing our systems, there may still be 
weak spots. 
 If you have discovered such a weak spot in one of our systems, please let us know so that we 
can take appropriate action as soon as possible. We want to work together with you to 
better protect our systems. However, this is not an invitation to start actively scanning our 
network or systems for vulnerabilities. We monitor our network ourselves.  
 If you adhere to the following conditions, we will not take legal action against you unless we 
are obliged to do so by law.   
We request that you:  
• Email your findings as soon as possible to abuse@leidenuniv.nl; you can use our PGP key to 
do this (fingerprint E69D 56CB FAB3 E0F8 EE00 8623 7E1E ECF9 436E 6A5B);   
• Do not abuse the situation by, for example, downloading more data than is necessary to 
pinpoint the leak, neither view, remove nor modify data from third parties;  
• Do not inform others of the problem until it is resolved and promptly delete all confidential 
information obtained through the leak after receiving our confirmation of receipt of 
notification of the leak;   
• Do not take advantage of attacks on physical security, social engineering, distributed denial 
or service, spam or malware;  
• Provide sufficient information to reproduce the problem so that we can resolve it as quickly 
as possible.  Usually the IP address or URL of the affected system and a description of the 
vulnerability is sufficient, but additional information may be required for more complex 
vulnerabilities.   
What we promise:  
• We will respond to your report within 5 days and will keep you informed of the steps taken 
to resolve the problem;  
• We will treat your report confidentially and will not share your personal information with 
third parties, unless this is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation;  
• If news coverage appears about the reported problem, we will coordinate with you and 
possibly mention your name as the person responsible for discovering the problem;  
 
 
This Responsible Disclosure is based on an example written by Floor Terra.                  

[END OF FILE]