Responsible Disclosure
The Municipality of Rotterdam considers the security of information and communication technology to be very important.

However, although the municipality pays full attention to the security of its ICT systems, a weak spot may still be present.

Some people actively search for these weak spots. With 'responsible disclosure', the discoverer gives the organization – in this case, the Municipality of Rotterdam – time to close the leak. Should you find a weak spot in one of our systems, we would like to hear about it. We will then take prompt measures to close the leak.

We ask you to:

Reading time: 3 min
report the discovered vulnerability to us.

not act disproportionately and not misuse the discovered vulnerability. For example, by:

using social engineering or attacks on physical security to gain access to the system in that way.

placing your own backdoor in an information system to subsequently demonstrate the vulnerability. This can cause additional damage and create unnecessary security risks. to exploit a vulnerability further than is necessary to identify the vulnerability.

to copy, modify, or delete data from the system. An alternative to this is creating
a directory listing of a system.

to make changes to the system.

to gain repeated access to the system.

to use so-called distributed denial of service, spam, or 'brute-forcing' access to
systems; after all, this does not involve a vulnerability, but merely the repeated
attempting of passwords.

not to download more data than is necessary to demonstrate the leak. Be careful with
third-party data by not viewing, deleting, or modifying this data.
Read aloud

We promise that we:

More information
The Municipality of Rotterdam strives to resolve all vulnerabilities as quickly as possible. After the
vulnerability has been resolved and you wish to publish about it, we would like to be involved in these publications in advance.
See also
not to share information about the vulnerability with others. Share information about the vulnerability only
after we have patched the leak and notified you about it. Do not share any confidential data that you
have obtained. Delete the data immediately after patching the leak.

provide us with sufficient information to reproduce the vulnerability and give us time to investigate and remedy the
vulnerability. Usually, the IP address or URL of the affected system
and a description of the vulnerability is sufficient, but more
may be needed for more complex vulnerabilities.

Report the vulnerability in English.
respond to your report within five working days with our assessment and the expected resolution date.
not take criminal action against you if you comply with the above conditions.
treat your report confidentially and do not share your personal data with third parties
without your permission, unless required by law or by a court ruling. Reporting under a pseudonym
is possible.
keep you informed of the progress of the resolution of the vulnerability. In communications regarding the
vulnerability, we will mention your name as the discoverer – if you wish. Rotterdam Digital

Cybercrime
Bibob