Municipality of Groningen Responsible Disclosure Policy

At the Municipality of Groningen, we consider the security of our systems

very important. Despite our efforts to ensure security, it is possible that a vulnerability may still exist. If you have found a vulnerability in one of our

systems, we would like to hear about it so that we can take

measures as soon as possible. We would like to work with you to

be better protect our systems.

We ask you:

 To email your findings to cert@groningen.nl. If possible, encrypt the

findings with our PGP key to prevent

the information from falling into the wrong hands.

 To provide sufficient information to reproduce the problem

so that we can resolve it as soon as possible. Usually, the IP

address or URL of the affected system and a description of

the vulnerability is sufficient, but for more complex vulnerabilities

more may be required.

 To leave contact details so that we can get in touch with you
to work together on a secure outcome. Leave at least an email address or phone number.

 Report the vulnerability as soon as possible after discovery.

 Do not share information about the security issue with others until it has been resolved.

 Handle knowledge about the security issue responsibly by not performing actions that go beyond what is necessary to demonstrate the security issue.

Therefore, in any case, avoid the following actions:

 Installing malware.

 Copying, modifying, or deleting data in a system (an alternative to this is creating a directory listing of a system).

 Making changes to the system.

 Repeatedly gaining access to the system or sharing access with others.

 Using so-called “brute-forcing” to gain access to systems.

 Using denial-of-service or social engineering. What you can expect:

 If, when reporting a vulnerability you have discovered in an ICT system of the Municipality of Groningen, you meet all the above conditions, we will not attach any legal consequences to this report.

 We treat a report confidentially and do not share personal data with third parties without the permission of the reporter, unless this is required by law or by virtue of a court ruling.

 By mutual agreement, if you wish, we can mention your name as the discoverer of the reported vulnerability.

 We will send you an acknowledgment of receipt within 1 working day.

 We will respond to a report within 3 working days with an assessment of the report and an expected date for a solution.

 We will keep you informed of the progress in resolving the problem.  We will resolve the security issue you have identified in a system as soon as possible, but no later than within 90 days. It may be determined by mutual agreement whether and in what manner information about the issue will be published after it has been resolved.