If you discover a flaw in or breach in the IT systems of one or more of Royal Schiphol Group’s legal entities that has its registered office in the Netherlands, then please let us know. It is important that we take every possible measure and precaution to give ourselves the best digital protection available. For that reason, we ask you to handle digital security responsibly and that you carefully study the rules for Responsible Disclosure notifications. Thanks in advance for your cooperation.
Please let us know if you encounter problems with our digital systems, such as:
If you discover something wrong, please let us know immediately.
We trust that you will treat any information regarding security issues as strictly confidential and only share this information with Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. We also kindly ask you not to take any further action to demonstrate the security issue, and to delete any confidential information you may have had access to when you discovered the breach.
Please take great care when looking into the security of our IT systems, as you may accidentally break Dutch or international laws. This may open you up to possible criminal charges. The rule of law supersedes the rules set out by Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, so take great care to ensure you are not engaging in any illegal activities that we are required to report to the authorities.
Names or pseudonyms of people who contributed to our safety in accordance with the rules of responsible disclosure can be found in our Responsible Disclosure Hall of Fame.

Responsible Disclosure notifications  The legal entities belonging to the Royal Schiphol Group, with its registered office in the Netherlands, are part of the country’s essential infrastructure. For this reason we consider it of the greatest importance that our IT systems are secure. Despite all the security measures that have already been taken, it cannot be ruled out that our digital systems have a weak spot. If you find one, you can help us in this regard by making a Responsible Disclosure notification. This document lays out the most important rules concerning the identification of a security issue and the making of a Responsible Disclosure notification.   What to do if you find a vulnerability in our system  If you find a vulnerability in our IT system we would like you to tell us about it immediately, so that we can take whatever measures are necessary to solve the problem as quickly as possible. We take all notifications of security issues in our IT systems very seriously. To be able to respond to these notifications responsibly, we would like to make the following agreements with you. Have you found a problem, and you are wondering how it should be reported? We would like to hear about it immediately, in the following way. - Email your findings as quickly as possible to responsible [full stop] disclosure [at] schiphol [full stop] nl. If possible, encrypt this email using Schiphol’s PGP key; this will prevent your information from falling into the wrong hands. - In the email explain how you encountered this issue, so that we can reproduce it. Describe the problem and provide the relevant IP address or URL.  - Include your own contact details, such as an email address or telephone number. We can then get in touch with you to work together on a secure solution. - We will respond as quickly as possible to report on ongoing progress.  We trust you to deal responsibly with information about a security issue. We would expect that you share this information with no-one except Schiphol; we would ask that you perform no more actions to demonstrate the problem; and we would also ask that if this security issue has resulted in your obtaining confidential information, that you immediately and irreversibly delete this data.   Be careful not to break the law  As soon as you have discovered a security issue, it is important to report it and not to research into it further. This is because even well-intentioned research can result in illegal acts; that is to say, actions that are against the law. For instance, it is not permitted:  - to share the problem with others before it has been solved; - to install malware; - to copy, modify, or remove system data (an alternative to this is to make a directory listing of a system); - to make any changes to the system; - to obtain repeated access to the system, or share this access with others; - to make use of ‘brute force’ attacks to gain access to a system; - to make use of denial-of-service or social engineering; - to misuse the situation by, for instance, downloading more data than is necessary to demonstrate the issue; or by reading, altering or erasing other people’s data;   

- to make use of attacks on physical security, social engineering, distributed denial-of-service, spam, or third-party applications; - to use your investigations to reveal client data or other personal details;  - to use techniques that might affect the availability of Schiphol’s online services.   What types of problem can you report? It is helpful if you can identify the problem as one of the following:  
Remote Code Execution
Cross Site Scripting (XSS)
Cross Site Request Forgery (CSRF)
Injection vulnerability
Broken authentication and session management
Encryption vulnerability
Unauthorised access to data
Inadequately protected APIs

What is responsible disclosure not intended for?
Submitting a question, comment, or complaint about the airport
Questions or complaints about the availability of Schiphol websites or mobile applications

International law and regulations
Legal frameworks surrounding the discovery and reporting of such vulnerabilities may differ from country to
country. We recommend that you take account of these laws. It is possible that your investigations break an
national (or international) law, and that you risk legal prosecution as a result. If you have discovered a vulnerability
in our IT systems then you must remember that the law stands above the rules that Schiphol itself employs.
Nevertheless, if you act in good faith and in accordance with Schiphol’s rules, we will not report your actions to the
authorities unless we are required by law to do so.

The Royal Schiphol Group Responsible Disclosure Hall of Fame
In our Responsible Disclosure Hall of Fame we can publish:
- your first name, surname, and/or pseudonym (your choice)
- a description of the identified vulnerability
- the number of identified vulnerabilities per reporter
The conditions for the publication of your name are as follows:
- you agree to the general privacy conditions of the Schiphol Group (shown here);
- you are the first person to have reported the vulnerability / bug;
- we determine whether the notification identifies a genuine vulnerability, by reference to industry
standards such as the Common Vulnerability Scoring System (https://www.first.org/cvss/calculator/3.0);
- you adhere to the Schiphol rules with regard to responsible disclosure;
- the disclosure must be solved before your name and details can be published. This means that your name
will not be published if Schiphol chooses not to (immediately) solve the problem;
- every notification published in the Hall of Fame is automatically removed after two years;
- the reporter has the right to correct, alter or remove their personal details;
- in the event of a dispute on (the nature of) the notification, Schiphol Group reserves the right to remove
the notification from the Hall of Fame or not to place it in the first place.