Responsible Disclosure Statement 
 
 
 
 
Code of conduct for notifying weak spots in security at NS 
Providing services safely is very important to NS. Security therefore has a key role when we are 
developing and providing our services. 
 
Code of conduct for notifying security leaks 
Despite all the precautions and other efforts, situations may arise in which there is a weak spot in our 
security - a leak. If you discover a weak spot in our systems, we will be pleased to work with you on a 
solution. We therefore ask that you share that information with us, confidentially.  
As long as you take the necessary efforts to prevent further violations of privacy, destruction of data, 
or interruptions or negative effects on our services, we will not take steps against your having violated 
our security, unless we have reasonable grounds to suspect that you are not acting in good faith.  
To avoid misuse by third parties of any security leak that is detected, we would ask you to observe the 
code of conduct below when notifying us. 
 
Code of conduct for responsible disclosure 
• Send an e-mail to responsible.disclosure@ns.nl. Please provide sufficient information (e.g.  a 
detailed description including IP addresses, logs, the approach taken, screenshots, etc.) so 
that we can assess your notification as fully as possible. 
• Report any security leaks or suspicions thereof without publicising them in any way 
whatsoever. 
• After you have reported a security leak, we will contact you within two working days. We will 
then inform you of what we have found, based on your notification. 
• In consultation with you, we will determine a reasonable remediation period and, if  NS agrees, 
decide upon coordinated publication of the security leak. We request that you do not misuse 
the security leak in any way whatsoever in the meantime. 
• If you prefer to remain anonymous, we will not use or retain any personal data associated 
with the notification. You can also take steps yourself to ensure that the report remains 
anonymous by using an anonymous mail service on the Internet or via the TOR network.  
 
Should it transpire that you have not observed the above code of conduct, NS reserves the right to 
take steps against you at a later date. 
 
Note: the reporting desk is not intended for questions or complaints about NS products or services. If 
you have any questions or complaints, please contact NS Customer Service via www.ns.nl.
 
 
This code of conduct for notifying weak spots in security at NS is subject to Dutch law.  
 
28 April 2016                                                                                                                                             
